feat: Add initialValues prop for sign in/up to docs (#307)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/components/authentication/sign-in.mdx

        <>The full URL or path to navigate after a successful sign up.</>,
      ],
    },
    {
      cells: [
        <code>initialValues</code>,
        <code>object</code>,

>         <>The values used to prefill the sign in fields with.</>,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <>The values used to pre-fill the sign-in fields with.</>,
```
